Hey, Dad, the company is still in operation, so I won't go for now
I'm starting to do good things
Are you working hard?
Got it.
What happens every day?
Is Sister Fairy up?
Fairy sister
Sister Fairy, then I'll go in.
Hey, the money and phone are dead.
Will there be no danger?
Never mind.
He's a fairy. Regret it. You might use a spell
Good thing I have to do when
This woman is so beautiful
I haven't seen such a beautiful woman in ancient clothes for a long time
Yes, she is the fairy in my heart
It's so beautiful, the world is so good
It's hard to come down
I need to take a good look
This beautiful woman
You haven't paid yet?
What is this?
You really treat yourself as an ancient person by wearing an ancient costume.
I don't want you.
WeChat Pay doesn't have much money either
Boss, I'll check out now.
Is that enough? Ouch, that's enough, that's enough
Mr. Xu Xiao
Why did you come to me?
You know me?